---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: about.html
---

Music Obscura is somewhere that I can write about music from the very many perspectives that float around my head. It is also a useful persona that allows me to come at music from a different direction. My motivation also include wanting to develop better writing habits and playing with simple web technologies. Write about something you know, they say, so music it is.

The scope of what I will write about _music_ will be broad.  There will be the obvious items, not doubt, music and gig reviews, pieces on bands and their dynamics, but also the experience of us '_musicians_ who have day jobs, some technique and occasional pedestrian gear. For full disclosure, I am one of the founders of [Oil City Pickups](https://www.oilcitypickups.co.uk/) so will occasionally try to sell you things, but not very successfully. No doubt other ideas will come along and be captured into the Music Obscura orbit.

Tim Bailey
_18 March 2018_ revised _24 October_	 

#### Colophon
This site is a collection of HTML files generated by the Jekyll publishing software. I wanted to 'own my own store front' and my usual goto content management system, Drupal, was in technical terms, overkill. The advantages using technology that creates static HTML is that the site is small in size and should be lightening fast for the end user, even on my very modest hosting service. The concept of an appropriate level of technological simplicity - only as complex as a system has to be to do its job - is a core concept in my day-to-day work.

I could not have done any of this without the availability of excellent open source software, that ensures I am free to make it work in the way I want to, while taking advantage of the work of others who have solved the same problems previously. Thanks to the many people who have contributed to these projects.

You can find the source code for Jekyll at GitHub: [jekyll-organization](https://github.com/jekyll)

The theme is a barely altered version of So Simple.

You want to contact Music Obscura - it is not difficult to find me. 

[jekyll-organization]: https://github.com/jekyll
